Introduction of Characters

(A/N: The number of characters have increased, so I made a brief introduction.)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Key People


Mitsuse Rei
　Protagonist.
　A second-year student at Ryouhou Academy, and is in his second year of living alone.
　Cherishes his two close friends, Rikuto and Raika.
　It's not that there aren't romantic rumors about him, but he's never dated a girl before.
　According to his close friend Raika's evaluation of him, 'he's great as a friend, and as a marriage partner he's superior goods, but as a boyfriend for today's high school girls, he's not exciting enough.'
　Has an older sister who is three years older than him.
　Animal lover.


Watarase Saya
　Heroine.
　A neighbor who moved into the apartment next to Rei's three days before the opening ceremony of his second year of high school, and also seated next to him in the class which she transferred into.
　Fundamentally cold no matter who she faces, she is called "Cool-san", "Kuu-san", "Kuu-chan", etc. because of her air of coolness.
　Often bewildered by living alone for the first time.
　Has an older sister who is three years older than her.
　Cat lover.


Mikado Rikuto
　Rei's close friend whom he has known for eight years, and one to whom Rei is deeply indebted.
　Fundamentally communicates actively no matter who he faces, but he is not self-centered and will not do anything that the other person seems to dislike to begin with.
　Has been friends with Raika since childhood and has a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship with her.
　His family runs a kindergarten.
　Dog lover.


Ryuuzaki Raika
　Like Rikuto, she is Rei's close friend whom he has known for eight years, and one to whom Rei is deeply indebted.
　Concerned about Saya who transferred to the school, she speaks to her actively.
　Has been friends with Rikuto since childhood and has a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship with him.
　Her sister, Ruka, is her class's homeroom teacher.
　Cat lover.


Ryuuzaki Ruka
　Raika's older sister by eight years and a math teacher in her third year of working, as well as the homeroom teacher of Rei and his friends.
　Her classes are easy to understand, and her personality can be said to be friendly if put nicely, or sloppy if not put nicely.
　Perhaps as a negative consequence of her personality, she has never had a boyfriend.
　Concerned about Rei who lives alone, she supports him in many ways; to Rei, she is like a second sister (though he would never say it to the person in question).


Nobata Nozomi
　Manager of the confectionery and tea shop where Rei works part-time on an irregular basis.
　Ruka's friend from her school days.
　Like Ruka, she has never had a boyfriend.


Nobata Hikaru
　Pastry chef of the confectionery and tea shop where Rei works part-time on an irregular basis.
　Nozomi's brother.
　According to Nozomi, though he may be curt, but he is not at all cold.


Miyamae Kanade
　Rei's classmate and Raika's friend.
　Calls Rei 'Teach' for some reason.


Mitsuse Miku
　Currently a sophomore in college, and Rei's biological sister.
　Cherishes her younger brother, Rei, from the bottom of her heart.
　She is the one responsible for putting several wooden swords in Rei's apartment under the pretext of 'for emergencies'.
　Though she has an audacious side in regards to Rei, she is fundamentally soft on him, and would not do anything that he would really dislike in the first place.
　She is dating Morihito.


Sena Morihito
　Currently a sophomore in college, he is a neighbor of the residence where Rei originally lived, and an older-brother-like existence.
　He has always cherished Miku and Rei since a long time ago.
　He is Miku's boyfriend, and one of the few people who can act as a stopper for Miku, who tends to run wild.
　Currently cohabiting with Miku.


Watarase Hazuki
　Currently a sophomore in college, and Saya's biological sister.
　Cherishes her younger sister, Saya, from the bottom of her heart.
　Unlike Miku, she does not have an audacious side in regards to Saya, but she is somewhat overprotective.
　Concerned about Saya, she had insisted that they live, but she gave up on the idea because her university was too far away.


◇◇◇◇◇◇◇◇◇◇


Others


Sotozuka
　Rei's classmate (male)


Onda
　Rei's classmate (male)


Tachikawa
　Third year student and head of the home economics club (female)


Takeda
　Rei's classmate (male)
　Had a girlfriend for a period time last year, but they broke up after two weeks.
